EK-LM3S8962 Quickstart Application

A game in which a blob-like character tries to find its way out of a maze.
The character starts in the middle of the maze and must find the exit,
which will always be located at one of the four corners of the maze.  Once
the exit to the maze is located, the character is placed into the middle of
a new maze and must find the exit to that maze; this repeats endlessly.

The game is started by pressing the select push button on the right side
of the board.  During game play, the select push button will fire a bullet
in the direction the character is currently facing, and the navigation push
buttons on the left side of the board will cause the character to walk in
the corresponding direction.

Populating the maze are a hundred spinning stars that mindlessly attack the
character.  Contact with one of these stars results in the game ending, but
the stars go away when shot.

Score is accumulated for shooting the stars and for finding the exit to the
maze.  The game lasts for only one character, and the score is displayed on
the virtual UART at 115,200, 8-N-1 during game play and will be displayed
on the screen at the end of the game.

A small web site is provided by the game over the Ethernet port.  DHCP is
used to obtain an Ethernet address.  If DHCP times out without obtaining an
address, a static IP address will be used.  The DHCP timeout and the
default static IP are easily configurable using macros.  The address that
is selected will be shown on the OLED display before the game starts.  The
web pages allow the entire game maze to be viewed, along with the character
and stars; the display is generated by a Java applet that is downloaded
from the game (therefore requiring that Java be installed in the web
browser).  The volume of the game music and sound effects can also be
adjusted.

If the CAN device board is attached and is running the can_device_qs
application, the volume of the music and sound effects can be adjusted over
CAN with the two push buttons on the target board.  The LED on the CAN
device board will track the state of the LED on the main board via CAN
messages.  The operation of the game will not be affected by the absence of
the CAN device board.

Since the OLED display on the evaluation board has burn-in characteristics
similar to a CRT, the application also contains a screen saver.  The screen
saver will only become active if two minutes have passed without the user
push button being pressed while waiting to start the game (that is, it will
never come on during game play).  Qix-style bouncing lines are drawn on the
display by the screen saver.

After two minutes of running the screen saver, the display will be turned
off and the user LED will blink.  Either mode of screen saver (bouncing
lines or blank display) will be exited by pressing the select push button.
The select push button will then need to be pressed again to start the
game.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2006-2009 Luminary Micro, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Software License Agreement

Luminary Micro, Inc. (LMI) is supplying this software for use solely and
exclusively on LMI's microcontroller products.

The software is owned by LMI and/or its suppliers, and is protected under
applicable copyright laws.  All rights are reserved.  You may not combine
this software with "viral" open-source software in order to form a larger
program.  Any use in violation of the foregoing restrictions may subject
the user to criminal sanctions under applicable laws, as well as to civil
liability for the breach of the terms and conditions of this license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  NO WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE APPLY TO THIS SOFTWARE.
LMI SHALL NOT, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.

This is part of revision 4423 of the EK-LM3S8962 Firmware Package.
